This is my phone number.
I'll smell it tomorrow morning,
of each box, questions,
This is the one I packed the box with, and I asked you to remember it.
Who knows, who am I?
The crowd is still alive.
Just in time, I'm here today, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
If you don’t believe it, I probably won’t be able to take a bite.